[MUSIC]
I am Diana Burgess, and
I currently work at Zoox on the firmware
team as a firmware engineer.
A brief background about me.
I have a bachelor's of mechatronics
engineering from the University of
Waterloo, where I've gone
through a lot of internships and
worked in a lot of different jobs.
Most recently,
I've worked at, before Zoox,
I worked at Peloton Technology,
which does semi-autonomous trucks.
I actually got that job because I
had done a internship with Bendix,
which does brakes for trucks.
So I got into autonomous through a bit
of a roundabout way going through
the trucking industry before
going to full autonomy with Zoox.
I got interested in robotics from
an early age in high school.
So I'd always been interested
in engineering in general and
had thought I would do mechanical
engineering in university.
But in high school,
I took some computer courses and
learned I liked programming as well, so
I thought mechatronics was a good idea.
I'd also joined a robotics team,
our first robotics team.
On that you get to build
a complex robot to
compete in a game that changes every year.
So you have to build a whole new robot
to compete in the next year's game.
And each game has both an autonomous
component and a driver-operated component,
so you have a lot more complex
things to do for that.
So I got really interested in robotics
through those experiences and
it just kind of solidified
through university.
I currently work on the firmware team.
A lot of my job entails working on
one of the main motion control units,
which, in the vehicle,
helps to work with each other part of
the vehicle to control it to, say,
move the brakes, or move the robot in
general in any direction, steer it.
And so a lot of my job is making sure
that we can actually have drivers so
that you can communicate safely
with those other systems.
I also get to, through that,
do a lot of testing and
work with our setup called LapBot,
which is basically a hardware-in-the-loop
tester where you actually get to test
your code on the real hardware before it
goes on to a vehicle that would
drive in any kind of track.
[MUSIC]